Dangling View - A std:string_view that has been destroyed
std::string_view is best used as a read-only function parameter

- std::string_view may or may not be null terminated

Variables

Use a std::string variable when:

    You need a string that you can modify.
    You need to store user-inputted text.
    You need to store the return value of a function that returns a std::string.

Use a std::string_view variable when:

    You need read-only access to part or all of a string that already exists elsewhere and will not be modified or destroyed before use of the std::string_view is complete.
    You need a symbolic constant for a C-style string.
    You need to continue viewing the return value of a function that returns a C-style string or a non-dangling std::string_view.

Function parameters

Use a std::string function parameter when:

    The function needs to modify the string passed in as an argument without affecting the caller. This is rare.
    You are using language standard C++14 or older and aren’t comfortable using references yet.

Use a std::string_view function parameter when:

    The function needs a read-only string.
    The function needs to work with non-null-terminated strings.

    Use a std::string return type when:

    The return value is a std::string local variable or function parameter.
    The return value is a function call or operator that returns a std::string by value.

Use a std::string_view return type when:

    The function returns a C-style string literal or local std::string_view that has been initialized with a C-style string literal.
    The function returns a std::string_view parameter.

    Insights

Things to remember about std::string:

    Initializing and copying std::string is expensive, so avoid this as much as possible.
    Avoid passing std::string by value, as this makes a copy.
    If possible, avoid creating short-lived std::string objects.
    Modifying a std::string will invalidate any views to that string.
    It is okay to return a local std::string by value.

Things to remember about std::string_view:

    std::string_view is typically used for passing string function parameters and returning string literals.
    Because C-style string literals exist for the entire program, it is always okay to set a std::string_view to a C-style string literal.
    When a string is destroyed, all views to that string are invalidated.
    Using an invalidated view (other than using assignment to revalidate the view) will cause undefined behavior.
    A std::string_view may or may not be null-terminated.